

Revisor 3:

First of all, we would like to thank Reviewer #3 for his/her comment.

In the initial version we did not adequately explain what the purpose of this work is and its relation to energy, we hope that now it is better clarified and readers can understand the scope of our work. In this revised version of the manuscript we have tried to clarify the contributions of this work, emphasizing them mainly in Abstract (lines 10-19) and Sections "1. Introduction" (lines 133-171, 172-186) and "5. Conclusions" (lines 759-769). Besides, in Section "1. Introduction" (lines 60-77) the relation of using this tool (to create datasets to model waves or flux of energy) with WECs, is discussed.

Prediction works using ML and SC algorithms do not provide tools to incorporate and integrate, considering the casuistry that it entails, the two data sources used by SPAMDA. Such studies apply specific algorithms (extreme learning machine, metaheuristics, Bayesian networks, artificial neural networks, etc) on data, using own implementations or scripts developed in some programming language, but they do not allow to build datasets, ready to be used with any of those methodologies or algorithms, through an automated and versatile process.

SPAMDA allows the creation of datasets to estimate the amount of energy flux that can be generated by waves at different prediction horizons. These datasets are well-formed and ready to be used with ML and SC prediction techniques. Therefore, we think that this work can be useful as a support for applications related to marine energy saving, production and conversion processes.

In that sense, and to better clarify the applicability and the relation to energy of this work, we have extended Section "4. A case study applied to Gulf of Alaska" with a short-term forecasting of the energy flux generated by the waves in such zone. In this way, it would be possible to perform prediction studies 6h in advance (the prediction horizon is customisable) of the amount of marine energy that could be extracted by WECs. Given that this work does not focus on models performance, a validation or comparison study of the results obtained in such example has not been carried out. Besides, Sections "3.4. Matching configuration" and "3.5. Final datasets" have been also rewritten for the purpose of flux of energy.


Having said that, we think that this software tool could be used in coastal and ocean engineering applications and marine energy prediction, such as:

	Insertar cada ejemplo de aplicación --> Copiar de la respuesta al comentario #1 del Revisor #2.

