Decision Letter - RESUBMISSION: 08 April 2020
Ref: SETA_2020_427
Title: A new software tool to facilitate environmental modelling procedures based on meteorological data management
Journal: Sustainable Energy Technologies and Assessments

Dear Mr. Gómez-Orellana,

Thank you for sending your manuscript to Sustainable Energy Technologies and Assessments. Before we can proceed with the review process of your manuscript we would like to ask you to address the comments listed at the end of this letter and resubmit your manuscript.

To submit your revised manuscript:

Log in to EVISE® at: http://www.evise.com/evise/faces/pages/navigation/NavController.jspx?JRNL_ACR=SETA
Locate your manuscript under the header 'My Incomplete Submissions' on your 'My Author Tasks' view
Click on 'Agree to Resubmit'
Make the required edits
Click on 'Complete Submission' to approve
What happens next?
After you approve your submission preview you will receive a notification that the submission is complete. To track the status of your paper throughout the editorial process, log in to EVISE® at: http://www.evise.com/evise/faces/pages/navigation/NavController.jspx?JRNL_ACR=SETA.

I look forward to receiving your revised manuscript as soon as possible.

Kind regards,

Sustainable Energy Technologies and Assessments

Comments from the editors and reviewers:

I have performed an initial review of your manuscript and would like to see more explicitly what the novelty is about. The cover letter is missing this important information, and also about how it relates to previous publications in our Journal; the cover letter should also include a declaration for any conflicts of interest. You are requested to more explicitly describe what the novelty of your work is about throughout the main manuscript and a statement of this to be included in the cover letter.

Have questions or need assistance?
For further assistance, please visit our Customer Support site. Here you can search for solutions on a range of topics, find answers to frequently asked questions, and learn more about EVISE® via interactive tutorials. You can also talk 24/5 to our customer support team by phone and 24/7 by live chat and email.

-------------------------------------------------------------
