Comments and Suggestions for Authors
The paper presents a software tool extending and customizing existing Weka features, tailored to the data pre-processing and integration of two specific data sources.

The result of the tool is a new integrated tabular dataset which can be used for further analysis, e.g., machine learning. The latter is beyond the scope of the work.



The paper is well written and mostly clear in the presentation of the software.

The authors well motivate the practical need of such a tool in their vertical application domain.

However, there is no scientific novelty at all.

The presented work lacks in lessons learned, in generality, and in innovation.

As also noted by the authors (Sec 4, line 480), the software already provides a user guide: the paper seems to be a shadow copy of the software manual.

Most (if not all) of the described features and solutions are already established practices, with some being also less complete and general than the state of the art.

The described software tool is limited to the very specific use case and to the two data sources, discussing very "short-sighted" ad-hoc solutions.

The terminology is not appropriate in the data analysis domain; for instance, the "matching" step is a relational-data (fuzzy) join, and the process is called data integration.

Some very popular and trivial issues are described with many useless details (e.g., missing data), whereas other you-can't-miss-it requirements for machine learning, such as feature selection, are not addressed at all, even if the goal is to prepare datasets for ML.

No comparisons with state-of-the-art pre-processing tools are performed: most and more than the provided features can be provided by existing state-of-the-practice data analysis tools. For instance, a simple Python script with Pandas and Sci-kit learn can do it all.

Some choices are not discussed, no motivations are provided for design choices, e.g., the list of options for handling missing data.

I regret to say that I find it very difficult to find value in the paper for a scientific venue.
